#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-unit.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
boto3==1.28.25
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.31.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charmed-kubeflow-chisme==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cosl==0.0.24
    # via -r requirements.txt
coverage==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements-unit.in
deepdiff==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lightkube
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   serialized-data-interface
lightkube==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
lightkube-models==1.27.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lightkube
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
oci-image==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
ops==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
    #   cosl
    #   serialized-data-interface
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepdiff
packaging==23.1
    # via pytest
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via pytest
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cosl
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-unit.in
    #   pytest-lazy-fixture
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-lazy-fixture==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements-unit.in
pytest-mock==3.11.1
    # via -r requirements-unit.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cosl
    #   lightkube
    #   ops
    #   serialized-data-interface
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   serialized-data-interface
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
serialized-data-interface==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   charmed-kubeflow-chisme
    #   cosl
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   cosl
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ops
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-resources
